CONTRIBUTING.adoc, before:

[[contribution-guidelines]]
= Contribution guidelines

[[filing-issues]]
== Filing issues

File issues using the standard
https://github.com/minishift/minishift-addons/issues[Github issue tracker] for the repository.
Before you submit a new issue, we recommend that you search the list of issues to see if anyone already submitted a similar issue.

[[contributing-patches]]
== Contributing patches

Thank you for your contributions! Please follow this process to submit a patch:

.  Create an issue describing your proposed change to the repository.
.  Fork the repository and create a topic branch.
.  Submit a pull request with the proposed changes.

NOTE: If you submit a new add-on, the add-on must be added as a sub-directory in the *_/add-ons/_* sub-directory of the repository.
See the documentation for information about link:https://docs.openshift.org/latest/minishift/using/addons.html#add-ons-overview[file structure and content format].

[[questions]]
== Questions?

If you run into issues or have any questions about contributions, you can reach the Minishift community by:

- Signing up to our https://lists.minishift.io/admin/lists/minishift.lists.minishift.io[mailing list]
- Joining the #minishift channel on https://freenode.net/[Freenode IRC]

Commit message:

Issue #67 Add support for Minishift integration tests

CONTRIBUTING.adoc, after:

[[contribution-guidelines]]
= Contribution guidelines

[[filing-issues]]
== Filing issues

File issues using the standard
https://github.com/minishift/minishift-addons/issues[Github issue tracker] for the repository.
Before you submit a new issue, we recommend that you search the list of issues to see if anyone already submitted a similar issue.

[[contributing-patches]]
== Contributing patches

Thank you for your contributions! Please follow this process to submit a patch:

.  Create an issue describing your proposed change to the repository.
.  Fork the repository and create a topic branch.
.  Submit a pull request with the proposed changes.

NOTE: If you submit a new add-on, the add-on must be added as a sub-directory in the *_/add-ons/_* sub-directory of the repository.
See the documentation for information about link:https://docs.openshift.org/latest/minishift/using/addons.html#add-ons-overview[file structure and content format].

NOTE: We also recommend providing integration tests for the add-on.
See the link:TESTING.adoc[integration tests documentation] for more information.

[[questions]]
== Questions?

If you run into issues or have any questions about contributions, you can reach the Minishift community by:

- Signing up to our https://lists.minishift.io/admin/lists/minishift.lists.minishift.io[mailing list]
- Joining the #minishift channel on https://freenode.net/[Freenode IRC]
